Create ui-c8y-1023-50-2-ui-dpg-widget-show-hide-datapoints-is-not-updating-chart-until.md (#4357)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-50-2-ui-dpg-widget-show-hide-datapoints-is-not-updating-chart-until.md

---
date: ""
title: Data point graph now updates immediately when toggling data point or alarm/event visibility
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65557
version: 1023.50.2
---

> Fixed data point graph widget not updating chart visibility when toggling data points or alarms/events until a global context change was triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the "Data point graph" widget did not update the chart when toggling data points or alarms/events visibility until a global context change was triggered. This issue has been fixed now, and data points or alarms/events are immediately visible in the chart when toggled.
```

Reviewer: @DawidSAG Can you please check once more?

Reviewer: Shouldn´t this be "data graph" now?

Reviewer 2: yes, I've missed PR where @eniosultan renamed it.
